Invader Zim
By Jhonen Vasquez
That's just dumb. Dumb like a moose, Dib. Dumb like a moose!
All this time trying to subjugate the humans and all I had to do was charge them for it!
Zim has been captured by Sizz-lorr] Sizz-Lorr!
Ruined. Ruined! Irken engineering reduced to... this! Surely that was no human bee! Once I take care of the humans, I will begin my war against... the bees!
I am Government Man, come from the government. The government has sent me.
What are you watching? - Angry monkey. - That's one horrible monkey! - Mmhmm.
CHICKEN! I'm gonna eat you!
I miss my cupcake!
He's bringing all the children to our secret lair? Do you realize what this means?
What about his horrible green head?
Insolent schoolboy! It's a skin condition.
And he's got no ears! Is that part of your skin condition, Zim? No ears?
Tallest Purple: Besides, no invader has ever been so.. very small. You're very small, Zim. You're a tiny thing.
But invader's blood marches through my veins like giant RADIOACTIVE RUBBER PANTS! The pants command me! Do not ignore my veins!
The pig… COMMANDS ME!
CHICKEN! I’m gonna eat you!
It means the mission is in jeopardy!
You speak craziness Earth boy! More organs means more human! It will work!
What about his horrible green head?
They locked down their fortress – with locks!
WHY WAS THERE BACON IN THE SOAP?
Chickenfoot, come back!
Your head smells like a puppy!
I want my slaw! - You have your slaw, sir!
Where's your brother? - He's in a pig filled netherworld cleaning out toilets with his head.
 I... love Pustulio... And Pustulio loves you, too.
 Release him, Smacky. He is part of the collective now.
I’m an unstoppable death machine, you know.
It’s not stupid, it’s advanced. — Almighty Tallest Purple
I’m gonna roll around on the floor for a while. KAY?
You dare agree with me? Prepare to meet your horrible doom!
Related  50 Temptation Quotes to Help You Navigate Your Desires
Check out our collection of Sid the Sloth quotes if you enjoy this article.
Invader Zim quotes from the main characters.
The Dib, he's missing! They've taken him and drained him of his sweet, sweet blood candies
Check out some of these quotes from the main characters of the television show.
Shut your noise tube taco human!
Doesn’t this spaceship have any escape pods?
You speak craziness, Earth boy! More organs means more human!
Zim, are you going to bring your parents to Parent Teacher Night? — Ms. Bitters
You expect me to pay to ride this filthy contraption? Have you the brain worms?
He’s bringing all the children to our secret lair? Do you realize what this means?
I am Government Man, come from the government. The government has sent me.
Why don’t they take the money spent on candy and prizes and use it to buy desks?
What’s your brother doing this time? He’s not trying to raise the dead again, is he? — Professor Membrane
I was the tallest once. The tallest of all!
I was not designed to carry love!
Silence! I can hear the filthy scurrying of your tiny feet!
I must go. My people need me.
I am Zim! Tremble in fear at my name!
You will soon witness the power of Zim!
I am the great and powerful Zim!
I do not think I like these 'humans'! They are very disgusting!
I have a plan so cunning, you could put a tail on it and call it a weasel!
I am not short, I am just compact!
I will capture this world or die trying!
I will not rest until every human has been destroyed!
I am the greatest invader in the history of my people!
I will create a machine that will rid the Earth of all humans!
You dare to defy the mighty Zim?!
I will not stop until I have conquered this entire planet!
You will never defeat the great Zim!
I am the chosen one, the one who will bring glory to my people!
I am not an alien, I am a superior being!
Take a good look, children. It will prepare you for your adult lives in our nightmarish corporate system.
I will use my superior technology to crush all who stand in my way!
I am the ruler of all!
You cannot defeat me, I am invincible!
I will make sure that the Earth is a barren wasteland!
I will show these humans the true meaning of fear!
I am the ultimate invader!
I am the master of all technology!
I am the greatest mind in the universe!
I am the supreme ruler of all!
HOORAY FOR EARTH! - GIR! Earth is our enemy... - Oh I understand!
For you, I'm thinking a dog. - Can I be a mongoose dog?
Stupid human propaganda! The very concept of superior alien species being failed by something as pathetic as "germs" is shear fantasy! Do you really believe that could happen? Ga heh.. heh ha ha ha!
You can't escape by teleporter, little Gaz. I cut the power! Your pitiful attempt to escape is nothing but a pitiful failure! Stupid, stinking humans!
Doesn't this spaceship have any escape pods? - Of course; they're right over there.
I'm gonna sing the Doom Song now... Doom doom doom...
You will be sent to a planet so mysterious, no one has even heard of it!
Right! And those who have heard of it dare not speak its name!
Why would you do that? - To make room for the cupcake.
I am not a fool, I am a genius!
Ms. Bitters: Zim, are you going to bring your parents to Parent Teacher Night?
I will crush you with my superior intellect!
You will never outsmart me, puny human!
But I chose this particular worm hole especially for the occasion. You see, at the end of this wormhole lies: A room with a moose!!
AAAAAHHHH- Wait a minute! Did you say ..?
Yes. Your fear is overwhelming, no?
Sorry I'm late... horrible... nightmare visions! - Ms. Bitters: It's called life, Dib. Now sit down.
I will defeat you with my superior knowledge!
I will crush you with my superior strength!
I will use my advanced technology to destroy you!
I will not be defeated by the likes of you!
You are no match for the great Zim!
I am the one true ruler of the universe!
I will use my superior weapons to conquer all who oppose me!
I am the master of all!
I will not rest until I have crushed all who oppose me!
I am the most intelligent being in the universe!
I will use my superior strength to crush all who oppose me!
You are nothing compared to the mighty Zim!
I will use my superior technology to rule over all!
I am the ruler of all that is!
I will make sure that my people rule over all!
I am the greatest invader in the universe!
I will not rest until I have conquered all who oppose me!
I will use my superior intelligence to defeat all who oppose me!
I am the ultimate ruler!
I will not be stopped by the likes of you!
I am the chosen one!
I will use my advanced technology to conquer all!
I am the ultimate invader, and I will not be stopped!
I will use my superior intelligence to create a world of my own design!
I am the superior being, and all will bow down to me!
I will not let anyone stand in the way of my quest for power!
I will use my superior technology to enslave all who oppose me!
You will rue the day you crossed Zim!
I will create an army of machines to conquer this planet!
I will not stop until I have destroyed all life on this planet!
I will use my superior intellect to create a new world order!
I am the future of my people!
I will stop at nothing to achieve my ultimate goal!
I will crush all who stand in the way of my mission!
I will not rest until I have conquered the universe itself!
I am the greatest of all the invader race!
I will use my superior abilities to rule over all!
I will not stop until I have destroyed all who oppose me!
I am the chosen one, the one who will lead my people to glory!
I will use my superior intelligence to create a world without flaws!
I am the ultimate ruler, and all will bow down to me!
I will not let anyone stand in the way of my quest for dominance!
I will use my advanced technology to become unstoppable!
You will all suffer at the hands of the great Zim!
I will not rest until I have conquered every planet in the galaxy!
I will create an empire that will last for all eternity!
I am the one true leader of my people!
I will crush all who oppose me with my superior might!
I will use my superior intellect to bring order to the chaos of this world!
I am the master of all, and all will bow down to me!
I will not rest until I have achieved ultimate power!
I will use my advanced technology to create a new world order!
I am the one true invader, and all will tremble at my name!
I will stop at nothing to achieve my ultimate goal of conquest!
I will use my superior intelligence to become the ruler of all worlds!
I am the ultimate weapon, the one who will bring about the downfall of all who oppose me!
I will use my advanced technology to become the ultimate power in the universe!
I will not stop until I have achieved total domination!
I am the master of all that is, and all will obey my every command!
I will use my superior intellect to bring about a new era of dominance!
I am the ultimate invader, the one who will conquer all!
I will not rest until I have created a world in my own image!
I will use my advanced technology to rule over all with an iron fist!
I am the one true ruler, the one who will bring about a new age of order and prosperity!
I will use my superior intelligence to bring about the downfall of all who oppose me!
I am the ultimate conqueror, the one who will rule over all with absolute power!
I will not stop until I have achieved total victory over all who oppose me!
I will use my advanced technology to create a new world order, one where I am the ultimate ruler!
I am the one true emperor, the one who will reign supreme over all of creation!
I will not stop until I have achieved my ultimate goal of becoming the greatest ruler in the universe!
I will use my superior intellect to create a world of order and perfection!
I am the master of all, and all will serve me!
I will not rest until I have conquered all of time and space!
I will use my advanced technology to crush all who oppose me!
I am the ultimate mastermind, the one who will outsmart all who dare to challenge me!
I will not stop until I have achieved my ultimate destiny as the ruler of all!
I will use my superior intelligence to bring about a new era of peace and prosperity!
I am the ultimate warrior, the one who will triumph over all who stand in my way!
I will not rest until I have achieved ultimate victory over all my enemies!
I will use my advanced technology to conquer all who oppose me and create a new world order!
I am the one true god, the one who will be worshipped by all!
I will not stop until I have achieved my ultimate destiny as the ruler of the universe!
I will use my superior intellect to bring about a new age of enlightenment!
I am the ultimate conqueror, the one who will vanquish all who oppose me!
I will not rest until I have achieved total domination over all of creation!
I will use my advanced technology to create a new era of progress and innovation!
I am the one true leader, the one who will guide my people to a new age of glory!
I will not stop until I have achieved my ultimate goal of becoming the greatest ruler in all of history!
I will use my superior intellect to bring about a new era of prosperity and happiness!
I am the ultimate force, the one who will reshape the very fabric of the universe to my will!
I will not rest until I have achieved total and absolute power over all of existence!
I will use my advanced technology to create a new reality, one where I am the supreme being!
I am the one true invincible, the one who will overcome all obstacles in my path!
I will not stop until I have achieved my ultimate destiny as the ruler of all creation!
I will use my superior intellect to bring about a new era of harmony and balance!
I am the ultimate ruler, the one who will command the loyalty and devotion of all who serve me!
I will not rest until I have achieved my ultimate goal of transcending the limitations of mortal existence!
I will use my advanced technology to create a new reality, one where I am the undisputed master of all!
I am the one true immortal, the one who will endure for all eternity as the supreme ruler of the cosmos!
I will not stop until I have achieved total and absolute supremacy over all of creation!