Firefly
A space western sci-fi series. The best show ever.
If I’m your mission, Shepherd, best give it up. You’re welcome on my boat. God ain’t.
They tell you, never hit a man with a closed fist, but it is, on occasion, hilarious.
I’ve given some thought to moving off the edge. Not an ideal location. Might get a place in the middle.
May have been the losing side, still not convinced it was the wrong one.
It’s a real burden being right so often.
If I didn’t know better, I’d think we were dangerous.
You can’t open the book of my life and jump in the middle, like women, I’m a mystery.
Well, I ain’t them, and don’t you ever stand for that sort of thing.
Someone ever tries to kill you, you try to kill ’em right back.
It’s my estimation that every man ever got a statue made of ’em was one kinda sombitch or another.
I swear by my pretty floral bonnet, I will end you.
See how I’m not punching him? I think I’ve grown.
I don’t like fellows who kill me, not in general.
Is it bad that what she said made perfect sense to me?
Everybody dies alone.
See, morbid and creepifying, I got no problem with. Long as she does it quiet-like.
Burn the land and boil the sea, you can't take the sky from me, since I found Serenity.
No, they don’t, men of God make everyone feel guilty and judged.
That’s good, you lie there and be ironical.
The next time you decide to stab me in the back, have the guts to do it to my face.
Eliminating the middleman, never as simple as it sounds, about 50% of the human race is middlemen and they don’t take kindly to being eliminated.
We’re deep in space, corner of No and Where
Is that the direction you want this conversation to go in?
When I want a lot of medical jargon I’ll talk to a doctor.
Fully loaded, safety off, this here is a recipe for unpleasantness.
We can’t die, and you know why? Because we are so very pretty.
We are just too pretty for God to let us die.
You don’t know me, son, so let me explain this to you once, if I ever kill you, you’ll be awake, you’ll be facing me, and you’ll be armed.
Jayne, your mouth is talking. You might wanna look to that.
You depend on luck, you end up on the drift…no fuel, no prospects…begging for Alliance make-work, getting towed out to the scrap belt. That ain’t us. Not ever.
We’re still flying. It’s enough.
We’ve done the impossible, and that makes us mighty.
You rich kids. You think your lives are the only thing that matters. What’d you do? Kill your folks for the family fortune?
Getting awful crowded in my sky.
The woods are the only place I can see a clear path.
Any friend of Inara’s is a strictly business-like relationship of mine.
Nothing worse than a monster who thinks he’s right with God.
Well, lady, I must say… you’re my kind of stupid.
Life’s just too damn short for “ifs” and “maybes.”
Can’t miss a place you’ve never been.
No one’s killing any folk today on account of we got a very tight schedule.
I’ve seen you without your clothes on before. Never thought I’d see you naked.
They don’t like it when you shoot at them. I worked that out myself.
Everybody dies. Someone’s carrying a bullet for you right now, doesn’t even know it. The trick is, die of old age before it finds you.
Sir, I think you have a problem with your brain being missing.
Clearly, she’s out of her mind.
You paid money for this, sir? On purpose?
Too much foofaraw. If I’m going to wear a dress, I’d want something with some slink.
Preacher, don’t the Bible have some pretty specific things to say about killin’?
Now we have a boat full of citizens right on top of our…stolen cargo. That’s a fun mix.
If they take the ship, they’ll rape us to death, eat our flesh, and sew our skins into their clothing. And if we’re very, very lucky, they’ll do it in that order.
As long as we got the goods, I call this a win.
I ain’t so afraid of losing something that I ain’t gonna try to have it.
Why, is there someone you are good at talking to?
Did he just go crazy and fall asleep?
Oh my god! What could it be? We’re all doomed! Who’s flying this thing?! Oh right, that would be me. Back to work.
We gotta go to the crappy town where I’m a hero.
I’ve been sane a long while now and change is good.
You want a slinky dress? I can buy you a slinky dress. Captain, can I have money for a slinky dress?
Don’t fall asleep now. Sleepiness is weakness of character. Ask anyone.
You know, it’s all very sweet, stealing from the rich, selling to the poor…
You’re pretty much down to ritual suicide, Lamby Toes.
Hey, I’ve been in a firefight before. Well, I was in a fire. Actually, I was fired from a fry-cook opportunity. I can handle myself.
Sweetie, we’re crooks. If everything were right, we’d be in jail.
Can we maybe vote on the whole murdering people issue?
They wouldn’t arrest me if we got boarded. I’m just the pilot. I can always say that I was flying the ship by accident.
Yes. Yes. This is a fertile land and we will thrive. We will rule over all this land! And we will call it…this land!
I think we should call it your grave!
Ah! Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Ha ha ha! Mine is an evil laugh! Now die!
Come on, Kaylee. We all know I’m the funny one.
Do not fear me. Ours is a peaceful race, and we must live in harmony.
A man walks down the street in that hat, people know he’s not afraid of anything.
You know what the chain of command is? It’s a chain I go get and beat you with until you understand who’s in ruttin’ command here.
These are stone killers, little man. They ain’t cuddly like me.
Time for some thrilling heroics.
Niska’s people are waiting. They’re not partial to waiting.
He looked bigger when I couldn’t see him.
If I could make you prettier I would.
You think there’s someone just gonna drop money on you? Money they could use? Well, there ain’t people like that. There’s just people like me.
I’m no good with words. Don’t… don’t use ’em much myself.
Dear Diary, today I was pompous and my sister was crazy. Today we were kidnapped by hill folk, never to be seen again. It was the best day ever.
See? That’s my whole problem with picking up tourists. Ain’t never what they claim to be.
I’m starting to like this plan.
Nothing buys bygones quicker than cash.
It smells like crotch.
Well I don’t like the idea of someone hearing what I’m thinking.
I got a share of this job. Ten percent of nothing is…let me do the math here. Nothing and then nothing…
What you plan and what takes place ain’t ever exactly been similar.
Only fluid I see here is the puddle of piss refusing to pay us our wage.
The girl’s a mind reading genius, can’t even figure out how to eat an ice planet.
Mal, if you’re being a gentleman, I may die of shock.
Physical appearance doesn’t matter so terribly. You look for compatibility of spirit. There’s an energy about a person that’s difficult to hide. You try to feel that…
Not in the least. It’s a mutually beneficial business arrangement. I rent the shuttle from Captain Reynolds, which allows me to expand my client base, and the Captain finds that having a companion on board opens certain doors that might otherwise be closed to him.
A man is just a boy who’s old enough to ask that question.
Every problem is an opportunity in disguise.
As with other situations, the key seems to be giving Jayne a heavy stick and standing back.
You have a strange sense of nobility, Captain. You’ll lay a man out for implying I’m a whore, but you keep calling me one to my face.
Only half? I must be losing my undefinable allure.
One cannot always be oneself in the company of men.
No one likes the idea of hearing what you’re thinking.
So would you like to lecture me on the wickedness of my ways?
You’re lost in the woods. We all are. Even the captain. The only difference is he likes it that way.
One of the virtues of not being puritanical about sex is not feeling embarrassed afterwards. You should look into it.
Honey, you look horrific.
How we treat our dead is part of what makes us different than those did the slaughtering.
I don’t accept that. Whatever horror he witnessed, whatever acts of barbarism, it was done by men. Nothing more.
If you take sexual advantage of her, you’re going to burn in a very special level of hell. A level they reserve for child molesters, and people who talk at the theater.
It’s not about making sense. It’s about believing in something. And letting that belief be real enough to change your life. It’s about faith. You don’t fix faith, River. It fixes you.
Quite specific. It is, however, somewhat fuzzier on the subject of kneecaps.
A government is a body of people, usually, notably, ungoverned.
I was there, son. I’m fair sure you haven’t shot anyone yet.
'Cause how you get there is the worthier part.
The important thing is the spices. A man can live on packaged food from here ’til Judgment Day if he’s got enough rosemary.
I brought you some supper, but if you’d prefer a lecture I have a few very catchy ones prepped. Sin and hellfire. One has lepers.
I’ve been out of the Abbey two days, I’ve beaten a law man senseless, fallen in with criminals, I watched the captain shoot the man I swore to protect. I’m not even sure if I think it was wrong.
Love. You can learn all the math in the universe, but you take a boat in the air that you don’t love, she’ll shake you off just as sure as the turning of the worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she ought to fall down, tells you she’s hurting before she keels. Makes her a home.
Ah, hell, I’m a fan of all seven. But right now, I’m gonna have to go with wrath.
Doctor, I’m taking your sister under my protection here. If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you, I will get very choked up. Honestly, there could be tears.
Come a day there won’t be room for naughty men like us to slip about at all. This job goes south, there well may not be another. So here is us, on the raggedy edge. Don’t push me, and I won’t push you. Dong le ma?
There’s a lot of fine ways to die. I ain’t waiting for the Alliance to choose mine.
Half of writing history is hiding the truth.
I start fighting a war, I guarantee you’ll see something new.
Advice from an old tracker, you want to find someone? Use your eyes.
Way I remember it, albatross was a ship’s good luck, ’til some idiot killed it.
This is the captain. We have a little problem with our entry sequence, so we may experience some slight turbulence and then – explode.
I ain’t looking for help from on high. That’s a long wait for a train don’t come.
You do that, you’d best make peace with your dear and fluffy lord.
Dear Buddha, please bring me a pony and a plastic rocket…
The Alliance wanted to show me reason, they shouldn’t have sent an assassin.
They take you down, I don’t expect to grieve overmuch. Like to kill you myself, I see you again.
I am a leaf on the wind. Watch how I soar.
This landing is gonna get pretty interesting. - Define interesting. - Oh God, oh God, we’re all going to die?
Can I make a suggestion that doesn’t involve violence, or is this the wrong crowd for that?
And I thought they was getting off. Didn’t we have an intricate plan on how they was gonna be not here any more?
My muscular buttocks it’s forty.
She is startin’ to damage my calm.
I won’t get ate! You shoot me if they take me! Well, don’t shoot me first!
We’re gonna explode? I don’t wanna explode.
Boy, it sure would be nice if we had some grenades, don’t you think?
Shepherd Book used to tell me, “If you can’t do something smart, do something right.”
Well, what you plan and what takes place ain’t ever exactly been similar.
When I talk about belief, why do you always assume I’m talking about God?
Only one thing is gonna walk you through this, Mal. Belief.
I don’t care what you believe in, just believe in it.
I killed the ship that killed us. Not very Christian.
Do you know what the definition of a hero is? Someone who gets other people killed.
We’re robbing the place, we’re not occupying it.
In the time of war, we would never have left a man behind.
I’ve just seen so many sides of you, I wanna make sure I know who I’m dealing with.
I’m fine! I’m…giddy.
Captain will come up with a plan. - Well, that's good, right? - Possible you're not recoll'n some of his previous plans,
I know my limits, I just don't pay attention to them.
I'm trying to put this as delicately as I can... How do I know you won't kill me in my sleep?
When you can't run, you crawl, and when you can't crawl, when you can't do that, you find someone to carry you.
I threw up in your bed.
I can kill you with my brain.
I don't care, I'm still free.
Were there monkeys? Some terrifying space monkeys maybe got loose?
Yessir, captain tightpants!
Big damn heroes, sir.
I aim to misbehave.
I call it Vera.
Shiny, let's be bad guys.
Ahh, the pitter patter of tiny feet in huge combat boots.
One of you is gonna fall and die, and I'm not cleaning it up.
Is that him? - That's the buffet table. - Well, how can we be sure unless we question it?
Just once, I'd like things to go according to the gorram plan!
Were I unwed, I would take you in a manly fashion. - Cuz I'm pretty? - Cuz you're pretty.
No power in the 'verse can stop me.
If anyone gets nosy, just... y'know... shoot 'em. Politely.
How's it sit? Pretty cunning, don'cha think?
You think you're better than other people. - Just the one's I'm better than.
