Blade Runner
A film adaptation of Philip K. Dick's 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
I was quit when I came in here. I'm twice as quit now.
Replicants are like any other machine. They're either a benefit or a hazard.
It's too bad she won't live! But then again, who does?
Have you ever retired a human by mistake?
I don't work here anymore. Give it to Holden; he's good.
I need the old magic.
I didn't know how long we had together. Who does?
I was looking for six replicants in the room, and one of them was you.
You’re in a desert, walking along in the sand, when all of a sudden you look down...
Suspect? How can it not know what it is?
They don’t advertise for killers in a newspaper.
The report read, ‘Routine retirement of a replicant.’ That didn’t make me feel any better.
This was not called execution. It was called retirement.
They were designed to copy humans in every way except their emotions.
You’re programmed for emotional responses. You’re like a stepchild of science.
The only thing that’s real is the hunt.
She’s beginning to suspect something.
There was an escape from the off-world colonies.
I need you, Deckard. This is a bad one.
I wasn’t sure who I was looking at anymore.
I was beginning to think there might be something wrong with me.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.
All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.
Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it? That's what it is to be a slave.
I want more life, father!
Gosh, you’ve really got some nice toys here.
Nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch.
It’s artificial.
We’re not computers, Sebastian; we’re physical.
I’ve done questionable things.
Fiery the angels fell; deep thunder rolled around their shores, burning with the fires of Orc.
Not an easy thing to meet your maker.
That’s the spirit!
The things I’ve seen will never be lost.
Time to die.
Good evening, J.F.
If only you could see what I’ve seen with your eyes.
You’re the prodigal son. Come to make your mark.
I’ve done worse.
Sebastian, we’re so much alike.
Nothing the god of biomechanics wouldn’t let you into heaven for.
The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
I’m not in the business. I am the business.
Do you like our owl?
You think I’m a replicant, don’t you?
It seems you feel our work is not a benefit.
I can’t rely on my memories.
What if I go north? Disappear. Would you come after me?
Deckard, say 'Kiss me.'
I'm not Tyrell's niece.
You’re afraid of me, aren’t you?
I didn’t know what was real anymore.
It’s like a test, isn’t it?
You’re programmed for what you feel, but I am too.
Memories! You’re talking about memories.
Can you prove that you’re not?
What do you want, Deckard?
Would you go after me if I ran?
Are you going to test me now?
Is this how it works?
You’ve never asked me how I feel about you.
I was made for this.
You've done a man's job, sir.
I spit on metaphysics.
No need for a blade runner now.
La vie est drôle.
You’re quite a prize.
Deckard? You’ve got the wrong guy.
Are you a good man, Deckard?
Someone else’s problem now.
Dreams are toys for children.
Origami’s an art.
Your story ends here.
A unicorn in a dream. Imagine that.
Let’s see you make one mistake now.
No one comes back from that.
The finish line is far away.
More riddles.
It’s only a test.
You’ll remember me for the future.
Keep your eyes open.
My mother? Let me tell you about my mother!
Wake up! Time to die.
How long do I live?
Painful to live in fear, isn’t it?
I can’t help it. I’m nervous when I’m with a superior officer.
Is this testing whether I’m a replicant or a lesbian, Mr. Deckard?
You’re programmed to feel nothing.
I never trusted any of you.
Nothing lasts forever.
Who gave you permission?
You’ve been judged.
This isn’t my final moment.
Everything is over now.
My file is full of lies.
No one saw this coming.
Was it a memory or a dream?
Why would they lie to me?
What’s next on your list?
Are you afraid of me?
I don’t believe you.
Commerce is our goal here at Tyrell. More human than human is our motto.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
You were made as well as we could make you.
The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
You're quite a prize.
Revel in your time!
The prodigal son returns.
We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up experiences.
Must get lonely here, J.F.
I think, Sebastian, therefore I am.
We're stupid and we'll die.
I’m not in the mood for this.
I’m a friend of J.F.’s.
We were made to suffer.
Isn't it strange to live in this world?
More human than human is our motto.
Commerce is our goal here at Tyrell.
Fiery the angels fell; deep thunder rolled around their shores, burning with the fires of Orc.
A new life awaits you in the off-world colonies.
What if you could see what I see?
They were designed to copy humans in every way except their emotions.
You don’t know what it’s like to live in fear.
If we die, we die.
I just do eyes.
I’ve seen the stars up close.
What’s the point of memories if they’re not yours?
You were made as well as we could make you.
Life is precious. Use it well.
Who dreams for us?
It’s not what you think it is.
Life is finite, isn’t it?
Your past is written, but your future isn’t.
Do androids dream?
The future is built on dreams.
What is a soul?
You’re asking the wrong questions.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.
